1. working of angular application ?

2. selector
     A selector is one of the properties of the object that we use along with the component configuration.
     eg: <app-navbar>
3.template url
     The relative path or absolute URL of a template file for an Angular component.
     eg: templateUrl: './navbar.component.html',
4.style url
     "styleUrls" to link the TypeScript file to an external CSS that contains more styles.
      eg: styleUrls: ['./navbar.component.css']
5.spa (single page application)
      In a Single Page Application (SPA), all of your application's functions exist in a single HTML page
6. 2 ways to create a template
        
7.ng module
       An NgModule is a class marked by the @NgModule decorator.
       @NgModule takes a metadata object that describes how to compile a component's template and how to create an injector at runtime.
8.meta data
        Metadata is used to decorate a class so that it can configure the expected behavior of the class. Following are the different parts for metadata.
        Annotations − These are decorators at the class level. This is an array and an example having both the @Component and @Routes decorator.
9.why were client side framework introduced?
        It was designed by Google to enable developers to create dynamic and interesting web applications. 
        Using this framework, developers can build front-end-based apps without using any other plugins or frameworks.
10.optional parameter
        the optional parameter is defined as a parameter that can be made optional while passing the values when the function is called and the values that are passed when the function is called is printed with 
        no errors but when the functions have declared the parameters that are ending with “?” are marked as
        
11.inference
       In TypeScript, there are several places where type inference is used to provide type information when there is no explicit type annotation. 
12.anonymous fn
       
arroe fn
diffrence js and ts
react & angular diffrence
